Add snapshot downloads (#184)
mixxxdj/website: content/pages/download.md

        - slug: source
          name: 2.2.4 release
          url: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/archive/release-2.2.4.tar.gz
  testing:
    title: Development Snapshots
    text: |

>       Testing the latest code we're working on and giving early feedback is a great way to contribute to Mixxx. Refer to the [Testing wiki page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Testing) for where to find the latest builds and instructions how to test pull requests before they are merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A great way to contribute to Mixxx is testing the latest code we're working on and giving early feedback. Refer to the [Testing wiki page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Testing) for where to find the latest builds and instructions how to test pull requests before they are merged.
```
Just to emphasize the contribution aspect :)

>       **Development snapshots are not intended for live use!** Expect crashes and make sure to [back up your Mixxx settings and library](https://manual.mixxx.org/2.4/en/chapters/getting_started.html#upgrading-mixxx) before upgrading.

Reviewer: I think we should add that explicit info (OS-specific paths) to the [Testing wiki page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Testing) so testers find the relevant one place. (no need for redundant links though IMO)

```suggestion
      **Development snapshots are not intended for live use!** Expect crashes and make sure to back up your Mixxx settings and library before upgrading as explained in the Testing wiki page.
```
